chore: update docs (#1170)
sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte: docs/config.md

### Config file extension

> The content of Svelte config should always be in esm syntax. Depending on Node's mode, make sure you're using the correct extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Svelte config should always be written in ESM syntax. Depending on Node's mode, make sure you're using the correct extension.
```

- **Type** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`

  disable Svelte resolve warnings. Note: this is highly discouraged and you should instead fix these packages which will break in the future.

### disableApiSveltePreprocessWarnings

- **Type** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`

  disable api.sveltePreprocess deprecation warnings

### compileModule

- **Type** `CompileModuleOptions`
- **Default:** `undefined`

>   set custom compile options for compilation Svelte modules (`.svelte.js` files).

Author: ```suggestion
  set custom compile options for compilation of Svelte modules (`.svelte.js` files).
```
